Widgets 2.0 (#4028)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/graphing/widgets/alert_graph.md

---
title: Alert Graph Widget
kind: documentation
description: Graph the current status of any monitor defined on your system.
further_reading:
- link: "graphing/dashboards/screenboard/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Screenboard"
---

Alert graphs are timeseries graphs showing the current status of any monitor defined on your system:

{{< img src="graphing/widgets/alert_graph/alert_graph.png" alt="Alert Graph" responsive="true">}}

## Setup

{{< img src="graphing/widgets/alert_graph/alert_graph_setup.png" alt="Alert Graph Setup" responsive="true" style="width:80%;">}}

### Configuration 

1. Choose a previously created monitor to graph.
2. Select a timeframe. 
3. Select your visualization:
    * Timeseries
    * Top list

### Options
#### Display preference 

{{< img src="graphing/widgets/options/display_preferences.png" alt="Display preferences" responsive="true" style="width:80%;">}}

##### Global time

> On Screenboard only, choose whether your widget has a custom timeframe or the global timeframe of the Screenboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On screenboards only, choose whether your widget has a custom timeframe or the screenboard's global timeframe.
```

##### Legend

> Enable legend display on your widget by selecting the *Show legend on graph* toggle. Optionally, select the amount of entries to display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use *Show legend on graph* to toggle the legend display on your widget. Optionally, select the number of entries to display.
```

just some grammar
